---
layout: post
title: "Call for Monitors: LxMLS 2019 - 9th Lisbon Machine Learning School"
date: 2019-02-06 00:00:00-0000
inline: false
---

```
==========================================================
Lisbon Machine Learning School (LxMLS) 2019 -- CALL FOR MONITORS
==========================================================

The Lisbon Machine Learning School (LxMLS) is a one-week summer school
taking place in Lisbon, Portugal, and focused on Natural Language
Processing (NLP). The school hosts around 200 students selected from
more than 500 applicants from around the world and enjoys top
lecturers in machine learning from academia and industry.

This 9th edition will take place during July 11th-18th, you can find
more information at http://lxmls.it.pt/

We are looking for candidates to take following responsibilities

- Master the LxMLS lab guide and code. See last years guide as
reference http://lxmls.it.pt/2018/LxMLS_guide_2018.pdf.

- Work as part of the labs team to improve the school toolkit before
school starts (new Reinforcement Learning day this year!), see
https://github.com/LxMLS/lxmls-toolkit

- Tutor students during the labs sessions, explaining exercises and
solving the student's doubts.

- Assist in the organization of the school including student
registration and guidance as well as set-up of the demo day.

The ideal profile for this role is former LxMLS alumni around the
world that would like to repeat the experience but want to keep
learning ML and NLP. If you have extensive Python and ML experience
and feel like you could teach the guide, this can also be a good role
for you. We organize the team with Git/GitHub so experience with both
is a plus.

In addition to enjoying the welcome reception, coffee breaks, lunch
tickets, demo day and banquet with the students, you will be able to
visit morning and afternoon lectures for free. With the exception of
the lab sessions, monitors rotate in activities so that there is
available free time during the school. Monitors also organize their
own banquet during the school (among other activities). There is also
a limited number of grants that partially fund for travel and lodging.

Interested candidates should send an email with subject "Monitor
Application" to lxmls-2019@lx.it.pt with the following attachments:

- Curriculum Vitae
- Cover Letter

as well as following information

- Indication of whether you have attended any past edition of LxMLS as
student or monitor
- Total Budget for travel and accommodation in case you want to apply
for a refund grant.
- (Optional) One or two recommendation letters. These can be sent as
an email to the same address.

Application Deadline: March 1st
Decision: March 11st
=====================================================
```